So let's start using our context.
For this in this function component
we use the use context React hook from React
as you learned.
And we use it here in the Header Cart Button for a start.
Now we will also need to import the context itself.
So we need to import cart context,
not the cart provider but the cart context object
from going up, going up store cart context.
We don't need the provider component
but really the context itself.
And then we can call use context
and pass this cart context to it.
To get access to this cart context
which is managed by the closest provider
which is this cart provider used in the app component
inside of the Header Cart Button.
And we simply can store this axis,
this object, this context object in a cart Ctx constant
but this name is up to you, of course.
Now by using use context here,
the header cart button component will be a re evaluated
by react whenever the context changes.
And it of course changes when we do update it
in the cart provider a component.
So now we established this connection
and we can now use this to output our number of cart items.
For this we can add another constant here.
Number of cart items sounds like a descriptive name
and here we want to get access to cart context dot items.
And you could no think that you simply use the length
of that array to get the number of cart items.
This could work depending on how you write your cart logic
but I don't want to add every item
as a new entry in that list.
Instead if we add, let's say three pieces of sushi
I want to add one item to the cart items array
but set the amount for that item to free.
So then the length would be wrong
because it's just one item and the cart items array
but there are actually free meals inside of it
simply because inside of our cart items
array will have objects where
for every kind of meal we stored
the amount of meals of that type is part of the cart.
So therefore the proper way to derive
that number of items is to axis cart items.
So cart contexts on items,
but then use the reduced method on that
reduces a built in method in the end
that is a method which allows us to transform an array
of data into a single value
into a single number in this case.
For data takes two arguments.
The first argument is a function
which will be called for you.
The second argument is a starting value
and you'll see why it's a starting value in a second.
Here we use CRO, this function which has passed
and as a first argument then receives two arguments itself
automatically by JavaScript
which is calling that function
for every item in that array on what you're calling reduce.
That's the current number.
However you want to name it.
And then the item at which it's currently having a look
and current number will be different
for every item it's calling it.
Item will also be different,
but this is basically a number of value
which has carried on across executions.
Initially it's CRO,
but then after the first time disfunction has been executed
it will be the result which you returned
in that previous execution.
And here I want to return current number
plus item dot amount because my cart items objects
will have an amount field
which stores the number of items per item type.
And this will now reduce this array to a single number.
And it's this number of cart items
which will be output down there.
Now, if we saved as we see CRO here
in our or on our cart button,
therefore as a next step
let's make sure we can actually add cart items.